we were at the LG stand and we are
seeing the new smart sharing system
with nfc and mira cup called tag on
who buys a TV lg of 2013 and one
Android smartphones will also find in the
pack a small sticker a tag it
let's see it's that sticker sticker
then three in the lower part can
place that sticker anywhere where
there is the remote control on the coffee table
next to the TV just support it
nfc smartphone on the tag for
call up the targeting home application
inside the smartphone
the application with two arrows is very easy
allows us to switch from the smartphone
on TV or vice versa for example now
is doing mirror so we have
moved the arrow from bottom to top
up by sending the
smartphone mirrored towards TV we see
that there is a mini malaga some
millisecond there is however a mirror
practically perfect than what
let's see on the smartphone
obviously the thing is bi-directional e
therefore bastari to support to this point
the smartphone on the tag disconnect
from the tv aims cannes it says ok
we close the connection ri
we support to reopen it and first one
reverse thing inversely drag the
arrow from top to bottom then
it means we move from the TV to the
smartphone
if the program allows it
we will have the remote control with the window
the black is not currently the image
therefore provided by the program
only to stay to control the tv
remotely while quietly smart tv there
we find ourselves in front of an interface
now if he can let us see it
at the interface for total control
touch environment then using
the touch screen of the smartphone for
to navigate and to move inside
of our smart face lands
now recalling it calls it here
interface market we have a pad that
allows us to navigate with the mouse with the
arrow directly on the screen
this is the smart sharing scheme that
works with nfc and I had cash on TV
lg of 2013
and needs a smartphone
obviously android